Dear \[omitted\],

Â 

Great chatting with you on the phone, looking forward to seeing you
again in person sometime soon ðŸ˜€!

Â 

As referenced, we are rapidly expanding, and looking for new clients.

Â 

We are developing a suite of new **open-source** technology, under very
permissive licenses: MIT, Apache-2.0, (Apache-2.0 OR MIT).

Â 

In terms of which meetup group I would like to speak at, let's separate
them into two categories: distributed systems and compilers. Compilers
is a topic ready within the next fortnight for keynotes. Distributed
systems is better suited for lightning talks (until February 2020).

Â 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Â 

**Compilers**

*Compiler Driven Development (CDD) is a new methodology and series of
compilers, to speedup the engineering of multi-tier developments, i.e.:
decoupled backend and frontend.*

*Assuming 4 codebasesâ€”Android, iOS, web, backendâ€”we are advertising a
36Ã— speedup in model changes.*

*Mid November 2019 we will be releasing our Java, Kotlin, Swift, Rust,
and TypeScript compilers. *

Mobile app development

Android

-   Java
-   Kotlin

iOS

-   Swift

Xamarin

-   C\#

Flutter

-   Dart

â‹®

Backend development

-   Rust
-   â‹®

Academic

-   Programming languages & compilers

**Distributed systems**

*We are preparing major contributions to Apache Mesos, to decouple
Apache ZooKeeper, adding support for \[IBM Container Linux, previously
CoreOS\] etcd and \[HashiCorp\] Consul.*

*Additionally** we are writing small tools in Rust, with a
cross-platform \[Windows, Linux, macOS, FreeBSD\] focus, to install &
switch between multiple versions of Node.js, Rust, Python; Postgres,
Redis, and Cassandra; to name a few. These are designed similarily to
**rvm**, **nvm** and friends; with the idea being that you can reuse
code in Getting Started Guides, CI/CD configuration, **Dockerfiles**,
and in configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet and Ansible.*

Language specific

-   Go
-   C
-   C++
-   Rust

Framework specific

-   Mesos
-   Mesosphere
-   Kubernetes
-   Docker
-   â‹®

Configuration management

-   Chef
-   Puppet
-   Ansible
-   â‹®

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Â 

With the overall idea of everything we do being: creating software
engineering building blocks to grow from one node and one developer to
10,000 nodes and 100s of development teams.

Â 

Samuel Marks

Engineer - Offscale.io  
[http://linkedin.com/in/samuelmarks](http://linkedin.com/in/samuelmarks)

Â 
